“I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.” ~ OG Mandino


“One does not become enlightened by imagining figures of light, but by making the darkness conscious.”
- C.G. Jung

"Hindudel on üks meditatsioonivorm, kus inimene ei ütle mitte ühtegi sõna pika perioodi jooksul. Kuude kaupa. Lõpuks ta minetab sõnades mõtlemise võime. Ta mõtleb ainult kujundites. Ja järsku on kogu maailm tähendust täis, kõik liigutab pisarateni ja päikeseloojanguid-tõuse võiks vaatama jäädagi. See maagia ja emotsionaalne tähendus on olemas igas momendis. Meie keel ja kultuur on need, mis piiravad meil nendele juurdepääsu. Keel on inimese kui looma taltsutamise vahend. Tsiviliseerimise vahend. Keel markeerib ära kust me saame tähendust ammutada ja mil viisil. Keel on tähendusega ümber käimise vahend. Keeleloome on uue tähenduse loomine. Uute sõnade ja terminite loomine. Uue mõtlemise loomine. Keel on psühhedeelne narkootikum. Kultuur on see kui kõik samal lainel tripivad."
- http://www.telegram.ee/arvamus/eesti-uutmise-loits-ehk-rahvuskonservatiivid-vs-rahvusliberaalid

"This is why, taking control of your attention can be life changing as you can then use it to focus on aspects of your life that you want to improve instead of wasting your energy on thoughts and limiting beliefs that do not serve you. You can even use the power of your attention to heal yourself and others."
- http://in5d.com/attention-powerful-heres-take-control/

"Any pain that people are carrying needs something to react with. If you don’t give it anything to react with, it doesn’t become part of your reality. If you do react to something, it’s because someone or something triggered pain that already exists within you. Can you see how important clearing yourself is?"
-http://www.feelingoodfeelingreat.com/2016/09/08/how-to-practice-hooponono/

"If you both agree that the relationship will be your spiritual practice, so much the better. You can then express your thoughts and feelings to each other as soon as they occur, or as soon as a reaction comes up, so that you do not create a time gap in which an unexpressed or unacknowledged emotion or grievance can fester and grow. Learn to give expression to what you feel without blaming. Learn to listen to your partner in an open, nondefensive way. Give your partner space for expressing himself or herself. Be present. Accusing, defending, attacking — all those patterns that are designed to strengthen or protect the ego or to get its needs met will then become redundant. Giving space to others — and to yourself — is vital. Love cannot flourish without it. When you have removed the two factors that are destructive to relationships — when the pain-body has been transmuted and you are no longer identified with mind and mental positions — and if your partner has done the same, you will experience the bliss of the flowering of relationship. Instead of mirroring to each other your pain and your unconsciousness, instead of satisfying your mutual addictive ego needs, you will reflect back to each other the love that you feel deep within, the love that comes with the realization of your oneness with all that is. This is the love that has no opposite." -Eckhart Tolle

"If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change."
– Wayne Dyer

"If you want to solve a problem, no matter what kind of problem, work on yourself."
– Dr. Hew Len

"Energy Flows Where Attention Goes" - meta

"What are you attached to?
What ideas, beliefs, habits, addictions or patterns are you clinging to?
And here’s the key question: Which of those attachments do not benefit you?"
- http://www.feelingoodfeelingreat.com/2017/09/20/attachment-trap/

"This is the simple easiest best way. Simply sprinkle dry table salt on the carpet, wait an hour and then vacuum the up the salt. Use approximately 3 to 6 spoonfuls of salt for a medium size room. Salt crystals have an amazing natural built in-ability to erase the programming of energy. Using salt is like using an eraser on a chalk board. The information on the board is wiped away."
- http://in5d.com/7-ways-to-remove-negative-energy/

"Instead of resorting to the unconscious principle of “Time heals all wounds” in the attempt to evade direct and conscious confrontation with our emotional baggage, we are now able to let go in no time as we insert the key of “All is Love”."
- http://in5d.com/traveling-time-space-memory-intact/

“You need nothing to be happy – you need something to be sad.”
- Mooji

"If you’re constantly dishonest, you’re building a habit of not trusting yourself."
- http://www.feelingoodfeelingreat.com/2017/10/06/radical-honesty/

"Learn meditation for the sheer joy of meditation, for the bliss it provides us. If you expect something from it, you will deviate from the path . Don’t expect anything and you may get many rewards."
- http://www.meditationiseasy.com/meditation-techniques/trataka-the-meditation-technique-of-third-eye/

"Choosing what is preferred does NOT invalidate what is not preferred.  They are equal with both choices being valid.  Saying “no” to what is not preferred without invalidating it is important because anytime what is not preferred is invalidated, it sticks to you like superglue.
Invalidating or resisting what is not preferred only gives it more importance than it needs to have.  Kindness in ALL circumstances, with ALL interactions is the easiest way to avoid invalidating choices."
- http://in5d.com/lucid-living/

"Anyone that is looking to understand their energetic or spiritual side knows that intentional breath is one of the most important and easiest tools we can use to realign our chakra system.
Breathing ‘into’ any one or each chakra is super powerful because when you put awareness, intention, and breath altogether it’s like switching alignment healing to turbo speed. Intentional breath has the power to clear, calm, and balance any misalignment and can literally be done anywhere, anytime."
- https://spiritsciencecentral.com/balance-chakra/

"The idea is not to confront bad ideas, but to come up with good ones. Otherwise, your enemies define the game and you are the loyal opposition."
- Terence McKenna

"At the center of the universe dwells the Great Spirit. And that center is really everywhere. It is within each of us."
- Black Elk

"If there is such a thing as evil, then it is an opportunity to learn about love."
- http://divine-cosmos.net/constructing-the-separation-game.htm

"Turn one energy form to another. In a University of Zurich study, patients are asked to turn anxiety to excitement and results turn better than drugs."
- https://in5d.com/controlling-fear-and-anxiety/

"More often than not, we have no control over when thoughts/feelings of superiority enter us. It can happen as a mechanical reflex response – as the sudden appearance of feelings of jealousy or anger. The key is self-observation, not trying to get rid of it (the axiom “what we resist persists” applies here), to say nothing of judging ourselves for thinking/feeling that way, which is very self-defeating.

Avoid trying to push it away or acting on it; instead, we keep to working on ourselves, which helps to eventually detach our vibrational field from such thought intrusions; by not identifying with them positively (accepting) or negatively (judging ourselves/forceful resistance), we can slowly release them. Patience is key here."
- https://deusnexus.wordpress.com/2017/04/09/unveiling-false-message/


"Targaks ei saada õppides, õppides saab teadmisi, targaks saab mõeldes ja kogemust mõtestades."
- Ülo Vooglaid


"Anger induces delusion; delusion, loss of memory; through loss of memory, reason is shattered; and loss of reason leads to destruction. But the self-controlled soul, who moves amongst sense objects, free from either attachment or repulsion, he wins eternal Peace. Having attained Peace, he becomes free from misery; for when the mind gains peace, right discrimination follows."
~ Krishna, The Bhagavad Gita

“When you think everything is someone else’s fault, you will suffer a lot. When you realize that everything springs only from yourself, you will learn both peace and joy.”
– the Dalai Lama

"When we experience the pain of another person, we instinctively want to take away that pain. But by taking away the other person’s pain, we also take away his or her opportunity to grow. To be truly compassionate, we must be able to share another person’s suffering and pain — knowing there is nothing we can do to relieve it and that we are not responsible for it, and yet knowing and understanding what that pain feels like."
- John Gray

"Throw away holiness and wisdom, and people will be a hundred times happier.
Throw away morality and justice, and people will do the right thing.
Throw away industry and profit, and there won’t be any thieves.
If these three aren’t enough, just stay at the center of the circle and let all things take their course"
- Lao Tzu

"Greet everyone you meet with a warm smile, no matter how busy you are.
Don’t rush encounters with coworkers, family and friends.
Speak softly. Listen attentively.
Act as if every conversation you have is the most important thing on your mind today.
Look your children and your partner in the eyes when they talk to you.
Stroke the cat, caress the dog.
Lavish love on every living being you meet.
See how different you feel at the end of the day."
- Sarah Ban Breathnach

"mõte ütleb tundele, kuidas sa võid nii mõelda! Nagu tunne suudaks opereerida mõttelistes kategooriates." - https://www.telegram.ee/maavaline/jarjejutt-alar-tammingu-jalutuskaik-iseendasse-mida-rohkem-naitemangu-seda-onnetum-inimene

"I am not your equal, and you are not mine, for we are each uniquely One."
~ Nathan & Aline

"Oneness without individuality is enmeshment and slavery. Individuality without Oneness is separation and selfishness. The two must be in balance within the One, which allows uniqueness and unity."
~ Nathan & Aline

"Learning a technique cannot change who you are, it can only show you, and help you manage, who you are; true change only comes from deeply understanding why you are who you are."
~ Nathan & Aline

"To be spiritual is to have chosen the path of the light, to experience mastery is to have become one with both the darkness and the light."
~Nathan & Aline

"Equality is not Oneness, it is sameness—being unique is what makes us One."
~ Nathan & Aline

"Experiencing drama to expose your pain, for the purpose of becoming intimate with and understanding it, brings you closer to awakening, not further away."
~ Nathan & Aline

"Duality is a holographic projection, a labyrinth of mirrors that humanity has become lost in…to get out, each person must understand what every mirror in their life is showing them about who they are, and follow the breadcrumbs back to Unity."
~ Nathan & Aline

"Do you feel emotionally, spiritually, and physically met? Your soulmate is not meant to complete you, but to meet you."
~ Nathan & Aline

"To take your spirituality to the next level, try meditating on your emotional pain to understand it, rather than meditating to avoid it."
~ Nathan & Aline

"Does my darkness cause you discomfort? If it does, it is only because you are not intimate with your own darkness within, for if you were to know it, mine would not seem so scary."
~ Nathan Martin

"To experience a life without compromising your Self while still connecting to people, you must master the art of asking 'why' questions."
~ Nathan & Aline

"A belief is an unconscious pattern of relating, there is no longer a need for them once you are conscious of every decision that you might make."
~ Nathan & Aline

"Intimacy is a pipeline through which we are able to give and receive love, without it, love cannot flow within a relationship."
~ Nathan Martin

"Proovige ja vaadake, mis juhtub, kui te silmitsete puud kogu oma olemusega, kogu oma väega. Selles intensiivsuses leiate, et polegi mingit vaatlejat: on vaid tähelepanu"
- Jiddu Krishnamurt

"As is widely known now, the human mind possesses a natural telepathic capability, which essentially entails the faculty of more or less that of a radio receiver. As a consequence of this, we’re openly subjectable to externally originated thought-forms. For the most part, this isn’t easily perceptible because of the high activity of our normal brainwave state, which, because of its quick oscillation, congests our mind to the point of being non-receptive. However, as we descend into sleep our brainwave frequency slows down and we become increasingly receptive to outside thought-forms. Considering this reality and our obvious vulnerability in not being aware of it, it’s likely this avenue of influence would be exploited."
- https://in5d.com/dream-manipulation/

"It is all about how you assign the weight of your perception in your mind.
We are accustomed to increasing the weight of physically sensed patterns and decrease the weights of metaphysical patterns.
That makes us prisoned in what we call it "Reality".
You just need to choose the right weight for what you sense and you will see the Reality in another way."
- youtube?

"To err is human. To fuck up a million times in a second you need a computer."
- discordianquotes.com

"There are two major products that come out of Berkeley; LSD and BSD Unix. We don't believe this to be a coincidence."
- discordianquotes.com

"There are no limits to what you can accomplish when you are supposed to be doing something else."
- discordianquotes.com

"the ego is just the soul expressing itself through an idea..."
- Ryan Cropper

“I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.”
- Maya Angelou

“Therefore the Master
acts without doing anything
and teaches without saying anything.
Things arise and she lets them come;
things disappear and she lets them go.
She has but doesn’t possess,
acts but doesn’t expect.
When her work is done, she forgets it.
That is why it lasts forever.”
- Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching, ~550BC

“The tao that can be told
is not the eternal Tao
The name that can be named
is not the eternal Name.”
- Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching, ~550BC

"The Way is empty, yet inexhaustible, like an abyss!"
- Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching, ~550BC

"Those who seek knowledge, collect something every day. Those who seek the Way, let go of something every day."
- Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching, ~550BC

"To see nothing is supreme seeing;
To know nothing is supreme knowing;
The great Way has no gate; this gateless gate invites entry.
The Other Shore is not far:
no oceans to cross,
no within and without,
no barriers, no wall, no hindrance."
- Lama Surya Das